README.md, before:

# Permissions

[![Build Status](http://ci.cartalyst.com/build-status/svg/40)](http://ci.cartalyst.com/build-status/view/40)

Manage your application permissions.

Part of the Cartalyst Arsenal & licensed [Cartalyst PSL](LICENSE). Code well, rock on.

## Documentation

Reader-friendly Documentation can be found here. [Permissions Manual](https://cartalyst.com/manual/platform-permissions).

Raw files can be found via this projects docs/version branch.

- [v1.0](https://github.com/cartalyst/platform-permissions/tree/docs/1.0)

## Changelog

Important versions listed below. Refer to the [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for a full history of the project.

- [1.0](CHANGELOG.md) - TBA

## Support

The following support channels can be used for contact.

- [Twitter](https://cartalyst.com/@twitter)
- [Email](mailto:help@cartalyst.com)

Bug reports, proposals, and pull requests can be submitted by following our [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Contribution & Protocols

- [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## License

This software is released under the [Cartalyst PSL](LICENSE) License.

© 2011-2015 Cartalyst LLC, All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Update CHANGELOG, CONTRIBUTING and README.
Signed-off-by: Bruno Gaspar <brunofgaspar1@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Permissions

[![Build Status](http://ci.cartalyst.com/build-status/svg/40)](http://ci.cartalyst.com/build-status/view/40)

Manage your application permissions.

Part of the Cartalyst Arsenal & licensed [Cartalyst PSL](LICENSE). Code well, rock on.

## Documentation

Reader-friendly Documentation can be found here. [Permissions Manual](https://cartalyst.com/manual/platform-permissions).

Raw files can be found via this projects docs/version branch.

- [1.0](https://github.com/cartalyst/platform-permissions/tree/docs/1.0)

## Changelog

Important versions listed below. Refer to the [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for a full history of the project.

- [1.0](CHANGELOG.md) - 2015-01-20

## Support

The following support channels can be used for contact.

- [Twitter](https://cartalyst.com/@twitter)
- [Email](mailto:help@cartalyst.com)

Bug reports, feature requests, and pull requests can be submitted by following our [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Contributing & Protocols

- [Versioning](CONTRIBUTING.md#versioning)
- [Coding Standards](CONTRIBUTING.md#coding-standards)
- [Pull Requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)

## License

This software is released under the [Cartalyst PSL](LICENSE) License.

© 2011-2015 Cartalyst LLC, All rights reserved.
